Update documentation for Apple account management (#2730)
dotnet/docs-maui: docs/ios/apple-account-management.md

# Apple account management

When developing a .NET Multi-platform App UI (.NET MAUI) iOS app it's essential to test it by deploying it to a device, prior to uploading it to the App Store for distribution. Both of these tasks require you or someone else in your organization to enroll in one of Apple's Developer Programs:

1. Enrolling in Apple's [AppStoreConnect Program](https://developer.apple.com/programs/enroll) allows you to publish your iOS applications to Apple's public AppStore.

> 2. Enrolling in Apple's [Enterprise Program](https://developer.apple.com/programs/enterprise/) allows you to publish your iOS applications to a private "AppStore" that is fully controlled by your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enrolling in Apple's [Enterprise Program](https://developer.apple.com/programs/enterprise/) allows you to publish your iOS applications to a private "AppStore" that's fully controlled by your organization.
```

The Apple account management interface in Visual Studio enables you to view signing certificates and provisioning profiles, create new signing certificates, and download existing provisioning profiles.

## Accepting Apple's licensing agreement

> Every year, Apple requires you to review and agree to their licensing agreement. To do that, sign-in to your [Apple Developer Account](https://developer.apple.com/account/) and agree to any licensing agreement that is presented to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every year, Apple requires you to review and agree to their licensing agreement. To do this, sign-in to your [Apple Developer Account](https://developer.apple.com/account/) and agree to any licensing agreement that's presented to you.
```

## Generating an API Key

> Before you can add an Apple Developer Account to Visual Studio, you will need to generate an API Key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can add an Apple Developer Account to Visual Studio, you'll need to generate an API Key.
```

### Generating an AppStoreConnect API Key

> If you have enrolled in Apple's **AppStoreConnect Program**, you will need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've enrolled in Apple's **AppStoreConnect Program**, you'll need to:
```

> 1. Sign-in to your [Apple Developer Account](https://appstoreconnect.apple.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign-in to your [Apple Developer Account](https://appstoreconnect.apple.com).
```

> 2. Select **Users and Access**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Users and Access**.
```

> 3. Select the **Integrations** tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the **Integrations** tab.
```

> 4. Select the **Team Keys** tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select the **Team Keys** tab.
```

> 5. Click the **+** button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Press the **+** button.
```

> [!NOTE]

> > Visual Studio currently only supports **Team Keys** and does not support **Individual Keys**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Visual Studio currently only supports **Team Keys** and doesn't support **Individual Keys**.
```

>

> > Only **Admin** keys will be able to register new Bundle IDs and generate new provisioning profiles. **Developer** keys will not be able to perform these tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Only **Admin** keys will be able to register new Bundle IDs and generate new provisioning profiles. **Developer** keys won't be able to perform these tasks.
```

>
> For more information about Apple's AppStoreConnect API, visit Apple's [AppStoreConnect API documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appstoreconnectapi).

### Generating an Enterprise API Key

> If you have enrolled in Apple's **Enterprise Program**, you will need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've enrolled in Apple's **Enterprise Program**, you'll need to:
```

> 1. Sign-in to your [Apple Developer Account](https://developer.apple.com/account)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign-in to your [Apple Developer Account](https://developer.apple.com/account).
```

> 2. Select **Users and Access** located under the **Services** section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Users and Access** located under the **Services** section.
```

> 3. Select the **Integrations** tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the **Integrations** tab.
```

> 4. Click the **+** button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Press the **+** button.
```

> [!NOTE]

> > Only **Admin** keys will be able to register new Bundle IDs and generate new provisioning profiles. **Developer** keys will not be able to perform these tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Only **Admin** keys will be able to register new Bundle IDs and generate new provisioning profiles. **Developer** keys won't be able to perform these tasks.
```

>
> For more information about how to generate an Enterprise API Key, visit Apple's [Enterprise Program API documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/enterpriseprogramapi).

## Add an Apple Developer Account

To add your Apple account to Visual Studio:

1. In Visual Studio, go to **Tools > Options > Xamarin > Apple Accounts** and click on the **Add** button:

    :::image type="content" source="media/apple-account-management/vs/add-account.png" alt-text="Add an Apple Developer Account to Visual Studio.":::

> 1. Provide a descriptive **Name** for your API Key and copy the **Issuer ID** and **Key ID** values from Apple's website into the appropriate text boxes. If you haven't already done so, download the **Private Key** from Apple's website to a safe location and then use the **Browse...** button to select the location of the downloaded private key file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Provide a descriptive **Name** for your API Key and copy the **Issuer ID** and **Key ID** values from Apple's website into the appropriate text boxes. If you haven't already done so, download the **Private Key** from Apple's website to a safe location and then use the **Browse...** button to select the location of the downloaded private key file:
```

>     :::image type="content" source="media/apple-account-management/vs/api-key-dialog.png" alt-text="Enter your API Key information.":::

Reviewer: This image is going to need updating to blank out the values of the Issuer ID, Key ID, and Private Key fields. If you don't, the regular SFI scan of content will flag this image for attention due to being "unsafe". It doesn't matter if you're using fake values, it still needs doing. Blurring values out doesn't cut it - AI can often undo the blur. So you literally have to draw a solid colour rectangle over the values.

I know this is dumb. It's also the world we now live in.

Example of what I mean: 
![image](https://github.com/dotnet/docs-maui/blob/main/docs/mac-catalyst/deployment/media/publish-ad-hoc/keychain-access-developer-certificate.png)

I can do this if required.

Author: @davidbritch Ah, yea, these are all fake values (I actually used the same fake values that Apple used in their documentation), but I understand that's an issue.

I can replace this image with one that doesn't have any values filled in - I think that would look better than blocking out the values. I'll replace that in just a moment.
